# Assignment0
Assignment 0 for CS 290


1. The Final Fantasy XIV Lodestone, https://na.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/, the information and navigation is great. Your character in-game is synced to the website too, and is easy to compare to other characters with a quick search. Some of the icons that take you to separate websites that are useful for FFXIV don't stick out that well. I would give these buttons a border to make them look clickable, rather than just an advertisement of somesort. 
2. YouTube, https://youtube.com/, bombards you instantly with thumbnails of multiple videos, however, the algorithm always seems to find an assortment of videos that do interest me. Below this videos, however, it tries to sell some movies that I don't care much about. One plus is that you will always watch those movies as long as you have that YouTube account. I think the algorithm for the movies isn't too great though because none of them are one's I am very interested in watching. 
3. Roll20, https://roll20.net/, this is the website where most of my D&D games are played. It is a pretty decent digital tabletop, where the Dungeon Master is able to import maps on a grid that they made personally, or ones they made on the site right there. What I dislike is that the virtual dice roller always seems to give the DM rolls that are not in the party's favor!!! (Or it seems that way)
4. Twitter, https://twitter.com/, twitter is a bit of a cluster. I wish it had better organization. They put a ticker of information that seems to be general and not pertaining to me particularly. However, down the middle, tweets from those I follow are displayed. They update pretty frequently, but you still have to push a button to see more. It would be really clean if the new tweets displayed/updated in real-time. I like that the necessary user settings are easily accessible on the left-side of the page. 
5. The Goonies Website?, https://the-goonies.webflow.io/, this website is a great experience and very intriguing. The Goonies is a classic of the 80s, and although I was born in 94, I have a great love for the classics of the 80s. This site does a wonderful job of displaying the information on the user's demand, by requesting it after clicking on the character's portraits, while playing music from the film and video for each individual character. If there is one thing I would add, it would be more information about Astoria, Oregon itself. The only mention that it took place here, but it would be nice to learn a bit of history.
